Updating subgraph definition (#558)
graphprotocol/docs: website/pages/en/glossary.mdx

- **Endpoint**: A URL that can be used to query a subgraph. The testing endpoint for Subgraph Studio is `https://api.studio.thegraph.com/query/<ID>/<SUBGRAPH_NAME>/<VERSION>` and the Graph Explorer endpoint is `https://gateway.thegraph.com/api/<API_KEY>/subgraphs/id/<SUBGRAPH_ID>`. The Graph Explorer endpoint is used to query subgraphs on The Graph's decentralized network.

> - **Subgraph**: an open API that extracts data from a blockchain, processing it, and storing it so that it can be easily queried via GraphQL. Developers can build, deploy and publish subgraphs to The Graph Network. Then, Indexers can begin indexing subgraphs to make them available to be queried by anyone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Subgraph**: An open API that extracts data from a blockchain, processes it, and stores it so that it can be easily queried via GraphQL. Developers can build, deploy, and publish subgraphs to The Graph Network. Then, Indexers can begin indexing subgraphs to make them available to be queried by anyone.
```
